README.md, before:

- # follow **SOLID PRINCIPLES**

  - use composition over inheritance
  - single responsibility
  - **open** to extension **closed** to modification
  - leskov's substituion i.e. just use composition man
  - interface segregation interfaces are the things that you add to your instace in composition
  - dependency inversion - use an api if an another api is affecting your code

- ## list

  - ~~rename cHAddTaskPage to cHShowTaskForm~~
  - add my projects page
    - ~~make my projects nav heading to a button~~
    - ~~add event listener to that button that creates my projects page~~
    - ~~create default projects on logic~~
    - ~~list all the projects on the projects page.~~
    - add a add project button in .page
    - ~~add edit button~~
    - update page on My projects when you have added a project in projects
    - open project when you click on it
  - add remove buttons on
    - ~~Project form.~~ <!-- cancel mid form completion. -->
    - ~~Task-container.~~
    - ~~Projects page.~~
    - ~~Projects list.~~
  - contemplate how can you also use css for project colors. <!-- production. -->
  - add sections. <!-- this is an after thought, I may add it on revisiting this project on a later date. -->

- ~~add edit button on tasks.~~
  - ~~use required on edit forms.~~
  - ~~edit form should close on saving.~~
  - ~~add modify function to task and project managers~~
  - ~~rename edit button to save.~~
  - ~~complete logic.js~~
- ~~use data attribute for setting the project name. Reading textContent is confusing.~~
  - ~~inside openNewProject function.~~
  - ~~set and read current project name from data-projectNm attriubte.~~
  - ~~add attribute to the h1 element.~~
- ~~fix edit button error.~~
- ~~use css for setting colors of task priority.~~
  - ~~use a global variable for attribute name~~
  - ~~remove priorityMananger~~
  - ~~add correct css~~
- ~~update tmplate so that you have a add project button~~
- ~~create a function that changes the dom when you create that project~~
- ~~add helper function that creates html elements for you~~
- ~~clickHandlerProjectBtn doesn't open that project's tasks. currently all the tasks are global make it show only tasks that are of that praticular project~~
- ~~make the tasks an input field and when you check it the task is deleted~~
- ~~make task form appear only when the add task button is presed~~
- ~~create a console version of the app~~

Commit message:

docs(todo): Combine functions for adding projects on side bar and main page

README.md, after:

- # follow **SOLID PRINCIPLES**

  - use composition over inheritance
  - single responsibility
  - **open** to extension **closed** to modification
  - leskov's substituion i.e. just use composition man
  - interface segregation interfaces are the things that you add to your instace in composition
  - dependency inversion - use an api if an another api is affecting your code

- ## list

  - add my projects page
    - combine the functions for adding project on sidebar and main page
    - ~~make my projects nav heading to a button~~
    - ~~add event listener to that button that creates my projects page~~
    - ~~create default projects on logic~~
    - ~~list all the projects on the projects page.~~
    - ~~add edit button~~
    - add a add project button in .page
    - update page on My projects when you have added a project in projects
    - open project when you click on it
  - contemplate how can you also use css for project colors. <!-- production. -->
  - add sections. <!-- this is an after thought, I may add it on revisiting this project on a later date. -->

- ~~rename cHAddTaskPage to cHShowTaskForm~~
- ~~add remove buttons on~~
  - ~~Project form.~~ <!-- cancel mid form completion. -->
  - ~~Task-container.~~
  - ~~Projects page.~~
  - ~~Projects list.~~
- ~~add edit button on tasks.~~
  - ~~use required on edit forms.~~
  - ~~edit form should close on saving.~~
  - ~~add modify function to task and project managers~~
  - ~~rename edit button to save.~~
  - ~~complete logic.js~~
- ~~use data attribute for setting the project name. Reading textContent is confusing.~~
  - ~~inside openNewProject function.~~
  - ~~set and read current project name from data-projectNm attriubte.~~
  - ~~add attribute to the h1 element.~~
- ~~fix edit button error.~~
- ~~use css for setting colors of task priority.~~
  - ~~use a global variable for attribute name~~
  - ~~remove priorityMananger~~
  - ~~add correct css~~
- ~~update tmplate so that you have a add project button~~
- ~~create a function that changes the dom when you create that project~~
- ~~add helper function that creates html elements for you~~
- ~~clickHandlerProjectBtn doesn't open that project's tasks. currently all the tasks are global make it show only tasks that are of that praticular project~~
- ~~make the tasks an input field and when you check it the task is deleted~~
- ~~make task form appear only when the add task button is presed~~
- ~~create a console version of the app~~
